the riskiest thing you could do today is
have one stream of income selling on a
feed post is just an absolute Kiss of
Death what are the three things that you
see people do and you cringe and you're
like don't do this if you're starting
out social selling online they don't
evolve they're afraid to try something
new because they have this identity
someplace else and they think will it
ever get better like maybe I've Peak
where are we at in this world of being
able to make money online through
digital marketing and is the game near
over Are we almost at the end it just
started everything right now is volatile
in terms of the job market the state of
the global economy AI automation all of
these things are massively changing the
workforce and the people are slowest to
figure that out is my generation gen
xers and now we're freaking out cuz
we're like oh my God I hate social media
now I got to figure it out oh my God I
hate technology
stop all right what's up everybody
Welcome to the special edition of
selling with seller I've got a special
guest you guys all know her she's
shellene Johnson she's she been she's
been around the digital marketing world
for years I can't believe we're even
here shelene Johnson welcome to the
channel thank you thanks for having me
I'm excited to have this conversation I
know because like I'm a nobody in this
space look at my subscriber growth and
yet here you are this is guys this is
super telling of how to do it because
she's not scared of the micro nicher of
the guy who's got like so why are you
even on this channel good question you
know I am scared of I'm I'm scared of
phonies I'm scared of phonies it's scar
of I just I I have no like somebody's
follower account doesn't interest me at
all how well some's known doesn't
interest me at all whether like
somebody's resume none of that stuff
interests me I just I like doing things
with likable people interesting people I
never look at follower account like I
just don't I mean sometimes I have to
when like things are presented to me or
someone's pitching me to be on the show
I'm like I just don't have time this
week but when it's someone who's come
across my radar then I'm I'm automat Al
there's a connection then that's who I
want to do things with yeah so like I
guys just so you know watching this like
I had no previous contact with with
shellene uh she just popped in my
Instagram one day and I'm like what the
flip because this again guys I know you
guys are watching this because you're
interested in digital marketing and
maybe you're trying to sell something
and you're struggling you have no clue
who's watching your stuff this this
interview right here is Testament to
that so like how did you even stumble
upon my little reals and stuff on
Instagram like it's just the honest
truth it was I was looking at the um
amount of people who were searching for
master reselling rights and I wanted to
look at what people have been who's
broken it down on video and done it well
and I watched a couple of videos of
yours and you weren't breaking it down
you were selling it and if you will or
explaining what it was and of all the
people I saw who were explaining what it
was I'm like this this is how it should
be done honestly and and so I saw a few
videos where I'm like that they're just
not explaining what this is with an un
everyone has a bias but they're not
explaining what this is without an
agenda I have no agenda I don't I don't
care what people sell I just want people
to have their own thing and I want
people to do what fits best for them uh
so I saw your video and then I was like
oh he's first of all he's likable he's
uh I have a good radar for trustworthy
people I like real and so then I um
before keeping it real on the reals
before I reached out to you I before I
reach out to anyone I deep dive like who
is this person so like I knew that you
um had gone to um school in Chicago that
you were a pastor I knew that you lived
in Michigan I knew um a little bit about
your background I knew that you it
seemed to me like at one point you were
known as like the mattress guy
um okay that's enough that's enough I am
very particular about where I I thought
I saw you parked out front of my house
and now I know that was you oh my God I
was in Michigan when I stumbled upon
your content yeah all right so let's
talk people are on here they're
frustrated they're like shellene Johnson
if I had a minute with her I would I
would just be like spill the freaking
tea what are so let's talk about it what
are the three things that you see people
do and you cringe and you're like don't
do this if you're starting out social
selling online
there's three things maybe maybe you got
two of them maybe one maybe three I
don't know what you prepared
but 10 yeah the things you see people do
don't do this don't do this is just talk
about your thing uh just talk about the
thing that you're selling don't don't do
that like it it just look it'll kill
your views on stories if you ever do it
on a feed post it will go nowhere like
selling on a feed post is just an
absolute Kiss of Death like don't even
do wait what do you mean what do you
mean okay so don't just talk about your
thing I like that that's easy to
remember but you so like meaning if I if
you go through your Instagram stories or
reals okay so there's stories and
there's feed posts right so feed posts
are Carousel posts reals videos just a
single text post whatever that's your
feed the a feed post you should never
sell there should never be a hit the
link in my bio they just shouldn't I
mean if you do that you're it's a kiss
of death what you can do is create
curiosity and build a rapport so if you
look at any of the um posts on my page
like you know when I was promoting a a
recent launch of a one of our marketing
acmy I I didn't sell the Academy I just
said um comment this word if you want
more information okay and and then when
people commented that word that I didn't
ask them to go to link then I sent them
a DM telling them hey I'm going to do a
webinar you're welcome to show I'm going
to explain what this is if you want to
show you want to come to the webinar
so never ever ever sell in your feed
post it's okay to create curiosity
around things there but your feed post
should just be very nich related they
should solve a problem they should be
Valu even more than valuable they have
to be like riveting and interesting in
order to capture people's attention
you've got to have a strong hook right
at the beginning and it's got to be the
kind of content where people are like
this is so good I needed to see this not
this is pretty this is interesting
that's great for you people don't want
that they want like this is so good um
good stories however in your stories um
you've got people aren't showing up
enough you know you've got to like I I'm
a New York Times best-selling author
I've written two books I have I don't
know almost 800,000 followers I bet I
could pull my and I talk about that
regularly and it's part of my intro it's
part of my bio I bet I could pull my
Instagram uh followers right now and I I
bet like less than 5% of my audience
knows that because they people don't
watch you every single day you think
that they do but they don't so you can
repeat this like you talked about that
blouse that you just bought that you
love on Monday you can talk about it
next Monday too because people aren't we
don't see people's content every single
day don't so you've got to show up much
more regularly in your stories and
here's what I want people to do and
here's an action step today here's what
I want you to do pick one thing that
you're newly obsessed with other than
the thing that you sell okay like
whether that's
Celsius or ey drops or any like a ring
light something you're newly obsessed
with that's a great price you you feel
very confident and saying you guys this
is a great buy that I found and talk
about it that's your assignment okay
right people are going to here's what's
gonna happen talk about it and don't
give people the link yes it's a special
hack tell like I I absolutely love this
tripod I went all with it it's tiny
it um can fit in a little tiny backpack
or in your purse it breaks down so small
and it was super inexpensive and you
guys it's lightweight and it's half the
price of like all the other ones I see
people talking about yeah now what's
going to
happen is people are GNA are going to DM
me they're going to reply to that story
and they're going to say wait what who
makes that how much was it where did you
get it if I were to say it's you know
it's made by who is it made by it's made
by Joby it was $49 I got it on Amazon
here's the
link you have all the information I
haven't left anything to the imagination
I haven't left you curious I've fire
hosed all the information to you so I
haven't given you a chance to have a
conversation with me if we have a
conversation I can then say to you what
are you going to be using it for and
you're like well I'm a wedding
photographer then I can help you not buy
this it's not right for you and now we
have a a serious relationship where you
trust me because you're like yeah oh
wait she asked me some questions and
this wasn't right for me she didn't try
to sell me when we just say this is
amazing you need it here's the link
that's selling you've been playing the
long game for a long time because that
whole strategy is all about long game
it's not about a quick sale it's not
about making 3% on your Amazon affiliate
link on a $40
[Laughter]
product right okay so that's good
definitely don't just be about your
thing talk about other things what other
what's some other stuff uh not to I
would say don't use a link I I would say
don't use a a story link um
statistically speaking it is if I if I
broke down the numbers of how it
diminishes your reach on
stories huh and if you looked at then
the actual clickthrough rate on story
links you would be horrified you know so
not even like your link to your website
like hey follow me in my website so what
are you doing then and so stories are
really just me my personality that's it
no I'll explain so so you might by the
way you might see me use a story link
from time to time but when I do that
it's just because I'm being super lazy
because I really don't care like I might
throw an Amazon link up there just
because it's easier for me than to have
a you know a million conversations with
so many followers uh but if it's
something I really am interested in
helping somebody figure out if it's
right for them then I won't send them a
story link I'll say comment this word
and you have to tell people what the
word is like comment the word if you
want to know about my private podcast
that I do comment the word patreon so
that way I can sort through my messages
and I can see anyone I can do a couple
things I can use a an integrative
program called many chat which automates
so if someone comments patreon then I
can automate automatically send a
message says like hey this isn't for
everybody just so you know it's like me
spilling the tea it's not personal
development it's like My Personal Diary
and it's five bucks a month um here's a
link if you want to check it out so I
can give them more information or if
you're not going to use an automated
system it gives you the opportunity
because most people watching us right
now don't have so many followers yeah I
was just gonna say I I I signed up I
signed up for that and I quit because I
said what are you doing I'm not shene
Johnson I don't have hundreds of people
and I'm missing the opportunity to get
real personal in the responses and be
like hey Jeff not Jeffrey 135 but hey
Jeff uh here I'm just GNA send you a DM
right now uh you know that made and then
Jeff sees his DM and it's a personalized
DM or a voice message like that was the
difference and I was like what am I
doing I'm I'm sometimes bigger people
tend to give bigger people advice when
I'm like no you you have I have 1300 on
this Instagram account uh what I see a
lot of people doing that that's I love
that you said that because I agree like
I think probably 98% of people people
are watching us right now don't need a
program like that what they really need
to do is have real conversations and
that's why I love tell people what to
comment give them a specific word like
um comment the word talk to me in all
caps that way I'll I'll know you've got
questions about this or um comment the
word you know like whatever let's say
I'm selling you know the tripod comment
the word tripod and I'll I'll send you
some more information and you can check
out see if it's right for you so that
way then you like you said now if
someone comments at word I can go and
look at their profile I can know that
they're a mom I can already know like
some things about them and have a an
honest conversation not try to talk him
into something yeah and I like again
shellene has hundreds of thousands of
people so there's different think she
can't spend her whole day responding to
people but for you and I if if we're
we're just starting out or whatever um
what do you think of people that are
using the voice messages in
DMS let me think let let me okay so like
it I think it's probably effective you
know it's really nice to hear someone's
voice right um but if we're going to do
that I'd love I would rather you do a
video send them a video where you can
put captions on it and the reason why is
because you know we know statistically
speaking 78% I think of people are
watching social media on mute because
they're at work they're
like meeting at work HB asleep and
they're you know they're like on their
phone before they go to bed at night or
or the family's watching TV you know
what I mean so like most of us or you're
in a nail salon you're like like we're
not just like it's just us
alone over took over voice uh like audio
voice recordings is your voice recording
you had to leave the meeting to go
listen but a text message you could stay
in the meeting and be like oh okay so
that's why I love the personal nature of
a voice yeah but I like the idea of
voice and face cuz when I can see your
face I trust you and then I could put
Capt you can send that video directly to
someone with captions over it so they
can read it and listen to it later if
they want yeah that's that's really
smart I like that okay what uh is there
any other did we I said don't just be
about your thing don't post your links
is there a third yeah the the third one
is you've got to post a lot more
frequently and I I know people don't
want to do that but just do it on your
stories it doesn't always have to be you
direct camera it can be just you showing
a product on your um countertop but have
some kind of a thing that people love
following you because you're going to
give them the best insights about like
whatever it is Mom stuff or clothing
fashion interior design or all the
things but just start getting into
practice because it's going to help you
when you start to feel really awkward
and slimy about selling something you'll
realize like wait no no no no it's the
same thing I'm just explaining what I
like about something and I'm being
honest about the things that I don't
like about it or that might not be right
for you
and I'm not selling anything I'm just
explaining this and letting people make
a decision if the offer is right for
them and the last thing I have to say um
which is you know when you asked how is
it you have weathered the storm if you
will um an email list so I always say
email list you show you show me someone
who if I if I know the size of your
email list I probably know a lot about
your bank account really and yeah even
in 2023 hell yes so listen to that folks
shelene saying don't ignore the emails
even though in we live in a world of Tik
Tok and Instagram no if if I'm not
adding a 100,000 people to my let let's
if I'm adding 75,000 people to our email
list every month there's gonna be a
problem wow yeah even that many people
out there I mean what I think isn't the
market super saturated shellene having
you touched Every Soul Don't doesn't the
whole world know who you are and what
you're about and bought your product
abely no I mean it just email is where
people have asked those of people have
raiseed their hand and said like I want
to I want to know more I'm more serious
than just somebody who is looking at
your social media there's I have no
control over my audience seeing my
content on social that's great I've got
800,000 followers or or not I think 775
whatever it is who cares um such a small
fraction of that audience is ever going
to see my post
and has the time to do something about
it and actually wants to change their
life with it it's just it's just a swipe
swipe maybe if I'm lucky they give it a
tap so when I can create a fremium an
optin something of value that people are
like hey I want to get on your email
list because I want to learn more about
this I want I want it I want something
deeper I'm not here for a 15 second lips
sync point I actually want to know how
you did that I want to know what
software program you used I want to know
how you write that wrote that headline I
want to know how do I actually even
understand conversions like I want to
know all of this and I want it to be
taught to me by someone who also as ADHD
and can really simplify this for me well
then you're going to be on my email list
but I have to be constantly adding
people to my email list constantly and I
do that with social media so social
media drives to my email list and it's
it has to be constant because people
drop off your email list uh people use a
lot of fake emails if they don't respond
then it hurts your deliverability so you
know like last month alone we cleaned
you know I think 200,000 emails off of
our list just so that we would have
better deliverability so email is where
it's at um and I I just my advice to
anyone is slow down on social for just a
week to figure out what it is you can
create as a premium or an opin that's
value valuable enough that people are
like I want to be on your email list you
know so get your website up create your
own email list your own CR M you know
this is something they talk about in in
the program that that you sell and then
get give people a really valuable uh
free gift in exchange for giving you
their email address whether that's a
webinar or a guide um something that
relates to your Niche what do you think
of the word ebook in today's world is
ebook still a
thing like when you see ebook are you
like uh I'm no not not me personally no
things CH five years ago it's like oh
that's cool it's a digital book people
want something super fast you need to
super fast book book says I got to
invest a long time B that's what that
says to me you're ADHD I might it might
even I might even Market something
that's an ebook but I wouldn't call it
an ebook I would call it a guide yeah a
guide that word just H fits better for
you yeah so you know when I look at we
were doing this this morning with Team
um looking at a list of all of our
different op optins and we have hundreds
um and we were looking at the ones that
are performing the best and which which
ones have and it constantly changes
because consumers interest level changes
what they want to figure out right now
changes how quickly what format they
want it delivered in so you have to be
on top of the stuff and it's fun it's
like a sport when do you know when to
Pivot like when to add a different
product when to that's a good question
yeah like how have you figured that out
because what if someone says shelene I
thought you were all passionate about
this thing and now you're moving on to
this thing and now you're moving
I've
done yes how do you do that well I've
had to have people around me who tell me
whoa simmer down now like we haven't
even figured this all the way out yet
because I think when you are one of
those people who like everything feels
like a great idea you become your own
worst nightmare right like because
you're like everything seems exciting
you want to jump to the next sparkly
thing and so for me it's been learning
to listen to uh the people around me
people on my team and we we don't move
on to a new s uh stream of income until
the one that we're working on is we can
almost and you can never set it and
forget it completely but it can almost
operate on its own I can almost step
away from it and I have the team the
infrastructure the Sops the kpis I have
all of that in process so that's it's
always improving but I still have to
check back in on it so we don't add like
a new stream of income a new business
center and oftentimes even a new product
we're like okay does what does what we
have has it has it been optimized right
you always think like oh I need to
create this new thing no not really
sometimes you just have to make what it
is that is working make it better yeah
yeah yep I I think that's wisdom there
um because it sometimes people give up
too soon they go oh I picked up this
basketball but there's something wrong
with it uh so I'm going to try this
baseball oh the baseball's broken I got
to try the golf ball and it's like dude
maybe you just haven't spent enough
hours working at that craft to really
develop it or that product whatever it
is so um let's kind of end on this
because you know I I want to let you go
you've got amazing content here Amazing
Ideas fresh Insight you know marketing
sometimes can feel like this just a
dirty world of everybody Shilling crap
right all over the inter buy this buy
this but like let's say there's someone
that is frustrated with their 9-to-5
they've heard about a digital course
they've heard about digital marketing
they don't really know where to start
like what should they go and sell on
Amazon and get an affiliate link and
that's the thing or I heard Target has
an affiliate link is that the path
forward what would you do right now
shelene you don't have a background none
of your 20 you can't rely on any of that
what what would you be doing right now
to build that to just start to build
that little Empire online I think it
depends on all those factors I mentioned
earlier so I personally would be doing
my research I would first ask myself
okay how much time time do I have for
this no how much time am I willing to
create for this because no one has time
so how how much time am I willing to
create in my current schedule to do
something whatever it is all right so if
I'm only willing to spend three hours a
week write that down all right how how
big is my social media following is it
small medium large Mega how much time do
I have Runway let's say can can I invest
maybe a year getting good at something
before I make money or do I need to make
money tomorrow like if my kids are going
to eat like because that changes the
game how much skill do I have what kind
of personality do I have how much do I
have to show up on on social media so
for example if we're talking about
digital the making money online right so
if I have no following I hate social
media I have no money to start and I've
got to make money now what I would do is
figure out what skill I have and I would
get on a Marketplace like freelancer or
um upwork and I would Market my skills I
would Market my skills to the my warm
audience I would call everyone I know
and say like hey I can organize your
Dropbox for you um you you just pay me
$25 an hour it'll like make things so
much easier I would Market my skills
then I don't need a social media
following I don't need any money to
start I'm going to get money immediately
if I've got a longer Runway well then I
can do something that requires me to
learn a new skill and there might be
more earning potential so it's it's
really like first figuring out like your
own inventory your own space for this
thing and then going okay now of all
these you know let's say 15 20
legitimately great online opportunities
which one is the right fit for me yeah
don't do something just because
everyone's doing it don't do something
because the girl you know who's you know
killing it you think she's really pretty
and you love the way she decorates her
house and you want to be her like do you
have her skills do you have her time are
you willing to put in you know what I
mean like you be honest with yourself
yeah self-awareness is key it's
self-discovery self-awareness like what
would I be good at what's my skill um if
if a baseball game is nine innings
shelene where are we at in this world of
online being able to make money online
through digital marketing affiliate
marketing like is the game near over Are
we almost at the end or started it just
freaking started are you kidding me yeah
no it's insane you know um I I just the
one thing I wish I could help people
understand sooner was that the riskiest
thing you could do today is have one
stream of income like that's whether
it's a job or a husband who's got a
secure job or you know one one stream is
we like covid taught us that and I'm not
saying like I'm not just talking to
entrepreneurs versus people who have a
steady job I'm saying both of those
things are one stream you want to make
sure the stream that you're secure with
right now like get it solid and start
building
another ASAP because everything right
now is is volatile in terms of you know
the job market um the state of the
global economy AI automation all of
these things are massively changing the
workforce and the people are slowest to
figure that out as my generation gen
xers were like and now we're freaking
out because we're like oh my God I hate
social media now I got to figure it out
oh my God I hate technology stop tell
yourself better lie tell yourself you're
good at these things cuz you you're
there just the way people used to retire
that just doesn't happen anymore you
know and and um I just I just think it's
so much easier than people realize so
get your kids if today both of my kids
are entrepreneurs I saw your son in
digital marketing I was gonna ask you
like what do you think do you think men
have a disadvantage or an advantage in
the digital marketing space I hope I
don't offend anyone I think they no just
you're honest opinion the non-cancelled
shelene gets to share what she actually
they have I feel like they have the
advantage and I could be wrong to like
the the trust like I don't know like
when I used to be a waitress and the
guys who were waiters were jerks and
they weren't very good and I'm like why
do they always get better better tips
why why was there it's just like they're
just like you I don't know what it is I
think there's an same is true in Fitness
like there aren't very many male fitness
instructors but the
ones the ones that who are becoming
Fitness instructors they they really
like right I don't know what it is and I
could be wrong but I I will say this
right now there's and I you know I speak
for a lot of big digital marketers and I
first question I always ask them I'm
like how is your audience shifted and um
it used to be all men were their avatars
and customers now it's like 90% female
really the where where have all the men
gone that's a good question
I don't know they're sports betting and
buying crypto I they're still in digital
I still think they're in digital
marketing I think that they um see I
just see it as an awesome opportunity to
disrupt as just being a guy I stand out
from the pack I like I like those odds
you know um but I don't base everything
I do just like well I'm a guy hear me
roar or I'm a woman you should listen to
me it doesn't matter at the end of the
day people are going to like like I
follow men women online you probably do
too and it's independent as to whether
or not they're male or female it's their
thought leader they say stuff you
believe them you leaned into what I was
doing I'm leaning into you it's so I
don't I I'm not a victim because I'm a
man or I'm not a hero that's yeah no
I've never like it's an interesting
question but I would never I would never
let statistics or even someone's opinion
of like whether there's an opportunity
because you you only need a 1% chance if
you're betting on yourself you know like
you you want to be the outlier and and
so I would never let that stop me and I
think fear does stop a lot of people
they stay stuck they they don't evolve
they're afraid to try something new
because they have this identity
someplace else and they think like will
it ever get better like maybe I've
peaked I don't know or they're just like
they're afraid to try something new but
I just believe that something that
whatever I'm doing right now is God's
way of preparing me for what I'm going
to be doing next and I don't have to
worry about what that is because I know
it's GNA show up and then I'll be like
ready for it but you can't be afraid of
it yep I love that I've really enjoyed
the conversation and I just appreciate
all the support for the little guys than
I appreciate
[Music]
you